[eas-cli] Support buildConfiguration parameter. (#394)
expo/eas-cli: CHANGELOG.md

### 🛠 Breaking changes

> - Remove schemeBuildConfiguration in favor of buildConfiguration. ([#394](https://github.com/expo/eas-cli/pull/394) by [@randomhajile](https://github.com/randomhajile))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Remove "Auto" option for `schemeBuildConfiguration` and make the old "Auto" behaviour the default. ([#394](https://github.com/expo/eas-cli/pull/394) by [@randomhajile](https://github.com/randomhajile))
```

you can also add a separate entry in a new features section that schemeBuildConfiguration can take any value now
